well hi there internet people it's beau
again
so tonight we're going to start off
talking about a guy named dick marcinko
now this is the guy that built shell
team six
and when you think of seals
you're probably thinking of six
um the image
of a seal comes from them
okay now just to go ahead and head this
off in the comment section yes
i am aware he was convicted of a crime
i'm aware of that
um
he uh he made a lot of enemies over the
course of his career
and it certainly appears to me
from looking at it that this was a case
of those enemies getting even
it looks like a case of here's the man
now show me the crime
the end of the day he got convicted and
sent to prison
for a hundred thousand dollar kickback
scheme
in a unit that had a black budget it
doesn't even make sense
i mean he he's a pretty bright guy
if he if he wanted to skim a little bit
of money
there were a whole lot of ways to do it
that didn't leave a paper trail
not really buying it um
and the other comment that always comes
up about him is that he's
arrogant most of the people who say that
have never met him
i have twice um
once shook his hand and was in his
presence for
20-30 minutes once i actually talked to
him for a little bit
um and because of that i can say with
certainty yeah he is
he is a pretty arrogant dude at the same
time
silver star four bronze stars legion of
merit
and built the most elite fighting unit
on the planet
yeah maybe he's a little arrogant maybe
he earned it
and part of it i think is his brand to
be honest i think he actually
plays up his arrogance to be honest but
whatever what i want to talk about is
him building cell team six
because there was something he did
something that i found very unique and
very very interesting
when he was pulling guys to go to this
unit
when he was picking the very first
guys for this unit he didn't pull guys
that were at the top of their class at
buds uh bud's a sill school
for those that don't know he did not
that's not where he got he
he looked for the guys that were that
had to struggle
to make it through it because he knew
that they had suffered he knew that they
had the psychological fortitude
to make it through buds and therefore
would be what he needed in combat
that was amazing that's a interesting
thought
and it's not one that i would second
guess really
it makes sense um and for those that
don't know
buds is if it's not the hardest course
in the military
it's the in the top three um
it it's it it's it's a meat grinder
um i've known quite a few guys
that clinton didn't make it
and these were these are tough guys
so that was something that always stuck
with me
because this guy is widely regarded as
the ultimate team builder
and that's who he looked for
so for the last well
not even few but for quite a while i've
been stalking the incel
boards because of that i know
you guys are watching this you guys seem
to post anything that has to do with you
all right while you're watching it take
it for what it is take it for what it is
all right so this is what i have kind of
observed these guys are intelligent
extremely intelligent on a general level
when you're talking about
the average person on these boards in
this group that self-identifies as an
incel
they're smart they're extremely
self-aware
um and very critical of themselves
they there's a lot of misogyny a lot of
it
some of it can be written off as a
defense mechanism
there's a lot of racism but not
all of it is supremist racism some of it
is uh
it's weird because i've never seen it
anywhere else uh
i knew a couple military contractors one
was from ireland
and one was colombian of columbian
descent
there are derogatory terms
for people from these countries
um that both end in ick
and that's what their men called them
um their men called them that
god help anyone else who did
camaraderie almost and that's a lot of
what i see
now don't get me wrong there is a lot of
real racism there
supremist racism but at the same time
there's also that camaraderie and it
kind of blends it's weird
aside from that those are general
observations
aside from that there's three kinds of
intel
um you know outside looking in at first
it seems like it's one group
one group of guys it's not
there's three different groups the first
group are guys who are ugly
and i don't mean that in the sense of
while they're not really attractive
i mean they're guys who are uh so
unattractive
it doesn't matter how good their
personality is odds are
they're never going to have a meaningful
relationship
it's going to take a really strong woman
to get past it and when i told somebody
i was going to say that
they're like you can't say that about
people i'm like
i don't think they're going to take
offense to it i think there may be a
group of them they're
actually happy somebody finally said it
so that that's the first group the
second group
they look normal you you would not look
at them
and say you know well this guy's an
incel
from a picture but they have a
psychological issue
or some cognitive problem that puts them
in the same boat
realistically they're never going to
date it doesn't matter if you look like
the dude from frontier
if you have tourette's and walk around
screaming profanity all the time
that makes dating really hard so those
are the first two
groups and then the third group
there's nothing wrong with them
they don't have
they don't have those same
[Music]
characteristics
they have bad disposition or bad
personality things that can be changed
for the first two groups
not a lot of self-work is going to fix
the problem
you know it there there's a point where
there's only so much that can be done
and some of these guys are genuinely
past that
some of them are low self-esteem
and maybe think they're worse off than
they are
but some of them are genuinely past that
but that third group
that they're just not dateable because
they're not good people but here's the
interesting part
and this is the part that blew my mind
because as self-aware as they are i
hadn't seen any of them comment on this
guess which group most of the violent
rhetoric
and talk of suicide comes from
the third group
i have to believe that it has something
to do with
why marcinko chose
the guys at the bottom of the class
the psychological fortitude that it
takes
for those first two groups to have made
it this far
and not already take the easy way out
it says something about them
guys i i i wish i had some sage advice
for you
i don't i don't a lot of your
assessments
they're accurate they're accurate i
don't know a way
where you're going to get what you want
i don't know
anything for some of you that you're
right you're never going to get the
picket fence man
i and i feel for you i really do
life has dealt you a pretty raw deal
[Music]
but at the same time keep in mind
that when the man that is widely
regarded
as one of the greatest small unit
warriors
of the 20th century was looking for
people that were capable
of the impossible
he looked for guys like you
he looked for people that had suffered
that had that psychological fortitude
maybe you can put it to some good use
maybe you could maybe you can
use that now i know what you're saying
why would you want to help society when
society has done nothing for you
there's going to be people like you
after you and if you don't change
society for the better
it's going to be the same for them
killing people
killing yourself it's not the answer
it's not going to make it's not going to
change society
um
the only thing it's going to do is is
add a level of fear
to people like you and so it's going to
add yet another layer of isolation to
them
you're not going to make it better for
the people after you you're going to
make it worse
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night